Holiness is the blood of parents
You can't just ruin it
Looking at people like dogs, the result is a white-eyed wolf
And my brother in his twilight years
Please give me back my old brother
I know I was wrong. I shouldn't have come back to rob you of my parents.
But the person your brother loves the most is me
Not only the white-eyed wolf but also the mistress
What did the little girl do wrong?
Just go back to your own home
Just get revenge
Yeah, that kind of person should be put in a mental hospital
So as not to come out and harm people
Shen An came back to the Shen family because you were too poor and loved wealth
It's you who know Auntie
In the case of my fiancé
Also actively approach
Okay, now Auntie doesn't like you anymore
Just throw the pot on me
Chew yourself clean
Do you see this bracelet?
I have this bracelet.
The person my brother loves is me
So you mean
The Queen Mother likes the person who has this bracelet.
It's not you.
Not such a pretty clown
I like it when you stop